# Foundry VTT System For The Black Hack 2nd Edition

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/H2H645D60)

This repository contains a Foundry VTT system definition that is based on the
2nd edition of The Black Hack RPG.

## Contents

[Foreward](#foreword)

[Installation](#installation)

[Creating A World](#creating-a-world)

[Documentation](#documentation)


## Foreword

This work is totally free to use and comes with a very liberal license. That
being said it did take time, effort and skill on my part to work out how to do
it and to put it together. If you get some use out of this work, and can afford
to, I'd would ask you to show your appreciation for my efforts using the Ko-fi
link above. If nothing else it will make it more likely that I'll continue to
work on the system or deliver others like it. Thanks in advance.

## Installation

The system currently isn't offered through the official list of Foundry
options but it can still be installed easily enough. Start your copy of
Foundry VTT and, on the Configuration and Setup dialog that is shown when
Foundry opens, select the Game Systems tab as shown in the image below...

![Game Systems Menu](/documentation/images/image001.png?raw=true "Foundry VTT Game Systems Menu")

When you've selected this tab click on the Install System button that
appears at the bottom of the dialog. This will popup the Install System
dialog. Click on the Manifest URL field at the bottom of the dialog as
highlighted in red in the following image...

![Manifest URL Field](/documentation/images/image002.png?raw=true "Foundry VTT Manifest URL Field")

With the field selected enter the following (or right click on the link below,
select the copy link address or location option and paste this into the field)...

[https://raw.githubusercontent.com/free-beer/bh2e/master/system.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/free-beer/bh2e/master/system.json)

When you've entered that value into the field click on the Install button and
it should install after a few moments. If you close the Install Systems dialog
the new system should now appears in those listed on the Game Systems tab of
the Configuration and Setup dialog under the name "The Black Hack 2e".

## Creating A World

With the system installed as outlined in the previous section you can return
to the Game Worlds tab of the Configuration and Setup dialog and click on the
Create World button. The Black Hack 2e should be listed as an option in the
Game System field on the Create New World dialog that is shown. Select this
option when creating your new world to access the functionality provided by
this package.

## Documentation

More information on the structure, content and capabilities of the system
can be found on the systems [wiki](https://github.com/free-beer/bh2e/wiki).


